So you already wrote a shell script and ran it, but the method by which you did that was not really
going to scale that well.
You could basically write one line at a time and just have a one line script.
But most likely your scripts will want to be a lot longer.
So there's actually a built in text editor that can help you do that.
It's called...Vim.
[dramatic music]
Might be thinking maybe you could just write your scripts in like Microsoft Word or something.
But if you do that, there's just--those programs are word processors.
so they have a bunch of formatting and, you know, hyperlinks and all sorts of other stuff that your
shell is not going to understand you when you're running shell scripts, you just want just text and
that's it.
So vim is really good at that.
It's just text and editing.
Editing these scripts on the command line is very fast and efficient.
You can basically write a line of code, close the editor and test your change.
If you're still not convinced, you'll find some cool features that are missing from Microsoft Word.
You know, you can select multiple lines.
You can do a search and replace with a few keystrokes.
You can get syntax highlighting.
There's custom themes, all sorts of stuff.
So let's see how to use it.
So just type 'vim' and then 'second_script.sh' since we already made one, so this will be your second one.
So all I want you to do for this, this lecture is just type 'vim second_script.sh' and then hit enter and
don't press anything else yet.
So this is what it's going to look like when you open your file for editing.
And then in the next lecture, I'm going to show you how to actually write something.